---
layout: history
extends: history
section: contents
nid: 30
author: "admin"
title: "1803"
date: 2008-06-02 11:19:20
---

**21st Jan** *Agnes Purson, daughter of George Purson, Mason* - 3 yards 2 feet East side of "Swan's Tombstone" in John Archibald's burial place.

**11th March** *Jean Brown* - 5 yards East of Peter Jervis' Tombstone.

**31st March** *Thomas White Wright* - in the hollow 4 yards from West dyke, between the burial places of Mr. Brown and the Carmichaels.

**10th April** *A child of the deceased Thomas White* - 3 yards from West dyke.

**14th April** *Janet Horsburgh, Spouse of Thomas Simpson* - West side of the two stones on the brae near the West gable of the Church.

**30th April** *Elizabeth Wishart* - 6 yards 1 foot North of the Dunbar Stones.

**6th May** *Andrew Pousty's child* - 3 yards West from the Dunbar Stones.

**9th May** *Thomas Douglas* - 4 yards 1 foot North East from Daniel Douglas ' stone.

**9th May** *Isabel Pousty* - 2 yards 1 foot from South dyke into David Allan's burial place.

**24th June** *Margaret Tullis' child* - 5 feet South of West door.

**26th June** *David Marr's wife* - below Charles Marr's gravestone, 6 feet Northwest from Agnes Henderson's stone.

**13th July** *Mrs Birrell* - laid in John Wishart's burial ground, North of Dunbar Stones.

**15th July** *Catherine Thomson* - 13 feet Southwest of George Melvin's stone.

**17th July** *Ann Steel* - 6 feet from South dyke and 12 feet from Marjory Clark's stone.

**22nd July** *John Ballingall, Earlsferry* - 2 yards East of their own headstone.

**27th July** *William Ovenstone, Fisherman, Elie Taft* - Southeast corner of Churchyard.

**31st Aug** *Helen Chalmers* - 5 yards East of the Southeast corner of the Church.

**22nd Sept** *James Taylor, Thatcher* - 4 yards 1 foot from West dyke and 2 yards 2 feet from South dyke.

**4th Dec** *Isobel Given, Spouse of the late Thomas Douglas* - North side of her husband.

**18th Dec** *Mr Chalmers* - 7 yards East of the four pillar stone (T. Duncan) At the East Porch door.

**21st Dec** *Agnes Maitland* - 3 yards from William Herd's gable and 1 yard 1 foot from West dyke.

**24th Dec** *Betty McIntosh* - 4 yards East of T. Duncan's stone.

**31st Dec** *Agnes Wishart* - Northwest corner of Dunbar Stones.

**31st Dec** *Alexander Lefsels* - 2 feet West of Simpson's stone.