---
layout: history
extends: history
section: contents
nid: 32
author: "admin"
title: "1805"
date: 2008-06-02 11:20:48
---

**8th Jan** *Margaret Allan *- 7 yards, 1 foot East of David Swan's tomb - and 5 yards 2 feet from South dyke.

**12th Jan** *Ann McIntosh, daughter of Philip McIntosh* - 3 yards East of Thomas Duncan's stone.

**22nd Jan** *Janet Mackie, Spouse of John Goven, Weaver, Kilconquhar* - 12 yards East of Bogmill stones.

**25th Jan** *William Herd, son of William Herd, Shoemaker* - 1½ feet from Headstone.

**29th Mar** *A man Named Wymiss, belonging to St. Andrews, one of the crew of a Vessel belonging to Dundee which was lost, with all hands, between the Fish rock, and "Lady's House," on a Dark stormy night, none having witnessed the sad event. Having been 4 weeks in the water he was found at "Wadeshaven"* - Interred 5 yards East of Dunbar Stones, close to East Dyke. Note the friends of deceased arrived while the Company of the funeral was in the Church Yard.

**6th April** *Andrew Black, belonging to Dundee, Captain of Sloop mentioned above, found on the sand laid beside Mrs Mionasy.*

**16th April** *The boy belonging to the ill-fated vessel which was lost at the Saucher rocks, between Fish Rock and Lady's House - was found among the rocks below Earlsferry* - is laid beside the two men - on the South side of the Captain.

**2nd May** *William Duddingston of St. Ford.*

**7th May** *Margaret Govan, daughter of the deceased Captain Gavin* - 12 yards West of Gillespie's tomb, close to the South dyke.

**9th May** *Cecilia Brown, Spouse of William Brown, Weaver in Elie* - 4 yards South of West porch door.

**11th June** *Ann Stevens, Spouse of William Bruce, Weaver in Elie* - 5 yards East of the South stone, on which there is a ship.

**13th Sept** *George Purson, Mason, Elie* - 3 yards 1 foot East of David Swan's tomb.

**5th Oct** J*oseph Boyd, Son of George Boyd, Tailor* - 7 yards South by East of George Melvil's stone.

**4th Dec** *Christian Mackie* - 16 yards East of Bogmill's stones and 4 feet North from Mary Scott's stone.

**31st Dec** *David Robertson, Son of Peter Robertson, Second Mate of the "Charlotte" Cutter* - 12 yards North from South dyke opposite Edward Wallace's barn door.