---
layout: history
extends: history
section: contents
nid: 34
author: "admin"
title: "1807"
date: 2008-06-02 11:21:37
---

**3rd Feb** *James Stevenson, or Steenson, Elie* - 3 yard direct South of Dunbar stones.

**19th Feb** *William Brown, late Cook, Elie House* - 9 yards Southwest from Wishart's stone.

**5th Mar** *Christian Black, Elie* - 12 yards Southeast of David Swan's tomb and 3 yards from the South dyke.

**8th April** *Elizabeth Bennett, Spouse of George Swan, Baker, Elie* - 12 yards West from the Northwest corner of the Kirk and 10 yards South from William Herd's dyke.

**9th April** *Margaret Ballingall, Spouse to the deceased Andrew White, Weaver, Drumeldrie* - 2 yards Northwest of Alexander Simpson's stone.

**20th April** *Mathew Taylor, Parish Schoolmaster, Elie* - 3 yards south of "Bogmill" stones close to the East gable of the Church. We may be allowed to remark that Mr Taylor was an excellent Teacher in his day.

**21st April** *Jean Rainie, Spouse of David Leuchars, Sailor, Elie* - 10 yards East from the Southeast corner of the Kirk.

**31st May** *Christian Milne, Spouse of Thomas Foggo* - 2 feet Northeast of Alexander Simpson's stone.

**28th June** *John Douglas, Tailor, Elie* - 6 yards Northwest from the North Dunbar stone.

**9th July** *Jean Birrell, sister of George Birrell, Sailor* - 9 yards Northeast from Dunbar stones, 6 yards from East dyke.

**11th July** *Isobel Given, daughter of the late Robert Given, Weaver, Elie* - 10 yards East from the North Bogmill pillar stone.

**31st Oct** *Isobel Bridges, cousin of John Bridges, Baker, Elie* - 2 yards North of South dyke and 8 yards West of Gillespie's tomb.

**21st Nov** *Helen Boak, Spouse of James Glenday, Heckler* - 7 yards Northeast from the Dunbar stones and 2 feet from East dyke.

**15th Dec** *Jean Forbes, daughter of the late Alexander Forbes, Tailor, Balcleavie* - North side of Mary Wood's stone and 22 yards West of Gillespie's tomb.

**16th Dec** *Mary Bruce, sister of William Bruce, Weaver, Elie* - 7 yards Southeast from Walter Brown's stone.

**28th Dec** *Mysie Given, Spouse of the deceased Archibald Thom, Sailor, Elie* - 2 yards East from the North Bogmill stone.