---
layout: history
extends: history
section: contents
nid: 35
author: "admin"
title: "1808"
date: 2008-06-02 11:22:09
---

**7th Jan** *Sir Philip Anstruther, Bart.* - opposite the entrance door of "Isle" or Aisle.

**7th Jan** *Peter Jervis, Tenant, Balmonth* - 4 yards South of his father's stone.

**5th Feb** *Edward Anderson, Weaver, Elie* - 3 yards South of Agnes Henderson's stone.

**18th Feb** *Margaret Coventry, sister of the late Peter Coventry* - 2 yards 1 foot South of George Melvin's stone.

**19th Feb** *John Cowie's young child* - North side of Bogmill stones, close to the East gable of Church.

**7th Mar** *John Thomson, son of Robert Thomson, Fisherman, Taft* - 2 yards 2 feet East of Session House and 2 feet from South dyke. Died of measles.

**7th Mar** *Walter Berwick, son of Charles Berwick, Brewer* - West end of Walter Brown's stone, close to West dyke. Died of measles.

**16th Mar** *Robert Dewarm son of Michael Dewar, Carter* - 4 yards 1 foot South of Margaret Henderson's stone.

**28th Mar** *Margaret Calman, daughter of Benjamin Calman, Weaver, Elie* - 2 yards 2 feet Southeast from William Herd's gable.

**11th April** *Agnes Cumming, daughter of William Cumming, Carter, Elie* - 4 yards 2 feet Southeast of Alexander Simpson's stone.

**18th April** *Mary Mason, daughter of William Mason, Sailor, Earlsferry* - 6 yards 2 feet from William Herd's dyke.

**26th April** *Mary Gilmour, Spouse of deceased Archibald Thom, Flesher, Elie* - 2 yards East from Bogmill's middle stone.

**6th May** *James Greig, Weaver, Earlsferry* - 4 yards 2 feet Northeast from the North Dunbar stone and 4 yards from East dyke.

**23rd Sept** *William Robertson, Senior, Sailor, Elie* - 15 yards South by West of West porch door and 12 yards from South dyke.

**20th Nov** *Ann Clark, daughter of William Clark, Jobbing gardener, Elie* - 5 yards South and West from Dunbar stones. A small pillar stone at her head.