---
layout: history
extends: history
section: contents
nid: 37
author: "admin"
title: "1810"
date: 2008-06-02 11:23:03
---

**9th Jan** *James Ovenston, Innkeeper, Elie* - 5 yards East from David Swan's Tomb and 8 yards from South dyke.

**28th Apr** *David Robertson, son of Peter Robertson* - 15 yards South by West of Porch door and 12 yards from South dyke.

**24th May** *Philip McIntosh* - 9 yards East from Southeast corner of the Kirk.

**12th June** *Elizabeth Duncan, Spouse of John Smith, Labourer, Elie* - 3 yards Northeast from Margaret Wood's pillar stone.

**15th June** *Elizabeth Craigie, Spouse of Craigie Smith, Shoemaker, Elie* - 3 yards Northeast from Margaret Wood's pillar stone.

**5th Aug** *John Wishart, Weaver, Elie* - 5 yards North from Dunbar stones.

**20th Aug** *William Pousty, Heckler, Elie* - 4 yards West from the Dunbar stones.

**23rd Aug** *George Rankillor* - 4 yards Northwest from Mrs Pitillo's pillar stone and 1 yard North of William Rankillor's head stone.

**1st Sept** *Agnes Carmichael, daughter of the deceased James Carmichael* - 3 yards North from her Father's stone and 2 yards from West dyke.

**2nd Sept** *Grisel Coventry, daughter of deceased William Coventry, and Spouse of Daniel Gilmour, Shoemaker, Elie* - 3 yards from West side of Aisle.

**3rd Sept** *David Simpson, Sailor, son of William Simpson* - 7 yards from West dyke and 13 yards West from William Rankillor's stone.

**22nd Sept** *James Chapman, Mason* - 5 yards South of James Wachop's stone.

**2nd Oct** *Barbara Dickson, Spouse of William Hyndmarch* - 2 yards 1 foot South by West of William Disingston's stone.

**15th Oct** *Christian Simpson, daughter of William Simpson, Tidewaiter, Elie* - 22 yards West from Southwest corner of Church and 7 yards from West dyke.

**2nd Nov** *David Patterson, son of James Patterson, Pitcorthie* - 14 yards 2 feet Southwest from the corner of the Church.

**3rd Nov** *Catherine Duncan, Spouse of the deceased James Brown, Fisherman, Elie* - 4 yards 2 feetEast of Session House and 1 yard from South dyke.