---
layout: history
extends: history
section: contents
nid: 38
author: "admin"
title: "1811"
date: 2008-06-02 11:23:24
---

**5th Jan** *Henny Ovenston, daughter of the deceased Charles Ovenston, Fisherman* - 8 yards East of the Elder's House (Session House) close to South dyke.

**10th Jan** *George Swan, Weaver, Earlsferry* - 7 yards South from North dyke and 13 yards from the North West corner of the Church.

**21st Jan** *Margaret Iwne, Spouse of the deceased Philip McIntosh* - 10 yards from Southeast corner of the Churchyard, 1 yard 1 foot West of Thomson's stone.

**24th Jan** *James Bennet, son of William Bennet, Sailor, Elie* - 8 yards South from East Porch door.

**2nd Feb** *James Carstairs, late Mariner* - 1 yard Northwest form the Northwest corner of Church.

**15th Feb** *John Ingles, son of William Ingles, Farmer, Ardross* - 8 yards East from the North Bogmill Stone.

**22nd Feb** *James Todd, Cook, Asnaburgh Cutter* - 8 yards Northeast form North Dunbar stone.

**11th Mar** *Margaret Bowie, Spouse of the deceased Alexander Thomson, Earlsferry* - 6 yards from North and 6 yards from East dyke.

**1st Apr** *Michael Dewar, Carter, Elie* - 11 yards Northeast from Dunbar stones 1 yard from East dyke.

**29th May** *May Bridges, daughter of John Bridges, Baker, Elie* - 6 yards from South dyke and 3 yards from Margaret Wood's stone.

**24th July** *Peter Robertson, Mate of the Charlotte Cutter* - 14 yards from South dyke and 14 from South West corner of Church.

**23rd Aug** *Thomas Smith, Sailor, Son of David Smith, Labourer. Killed by the falling of a block on board the Asnaburgh Cutter, not far off Elie Harbour* - 11 yards West from Southeast corner close to South dyke.

**11th Oct** *Captain John Archibald, late packet Agent, Elie* - 3 yards North from David Swan's tomb.

**22nd Oct** *John Sime, son of John Sime, Mason* - 7 yards South from James Carmichael's stone.

**29th Oct** *James Reekie, son of William Reekie,Ploughman, Ardross* - 5½ yards Southeast from the Dunbar stones and 2½ feet from East dyke.

**29th Nov** *Mary Ovenston, Spouse of William Govan, Tenant, Abercrombie* - 7 yards East from Mary Scott's stone and 2½ yards from East dyke.

**20th Dec** *James Millar, son of John Millar, Mariner, Elie Taft* - 6 yards East from the Southeast corner of David Swan's tomb and 5 yards from South dyke.

**27th Dec** *Grisel Wood, Spouse of the deceased Walter Brown, Shipmaster, Elie* - 16 yards from William Herd's gable and 2 feet from West dyke.