---
layout: history
extends: history
section: contents
nid: 39
author: "admin"
title: "1812"
date: 2008-06-02 11:24:01
---

**4th Jan** *Ann Ballingall, Spouse of the deceased Alexander Lessels* - 3 yards North by West of Alexander Simpson's stone.

**21st Jan** *Margaret Taylor, Spouse of Walter Ovenston, Sailor, Elie* - 5 yards East from Northeast corner of Session House and 3½ yards from South dyke.

**31st Jan** *Mysie Wyllie, daughter of the deceased William Wylie, Elie* - 4 feet South from West door of Church.

**31st Jan** *Maglin Milne, daughter of the late Alexander Milne, Shoemaker, Elie *- 4 yards North from Alexander Simpson's stone and 3 yards Southeast from Helen Thomson's.

**15th Feb** *Helen Milne, daughter of Alexander Milne, Shoemaker* - 5 yards North from Alexander Simpson's stone.

**12th Apr** *Mrs Wilson, Midwife, Spouse of deceased John Wilson, Weaver, Elie* - 9 feet from Northeast corner of Isle or Aisle.

**17th June** *Elspet Duncan, Spouse of John Flee* - 10 yards from East dyke and 2½ yards from North dyke.

**27th July** *Elizabeth Sime, Spouse of the deceased James Taylor, Elie* - 4 yards 1 foot from South dyke and 2 yards 1 foot from West dyke.

**7th Aug** *Margaret Cairns, Spouse of Andrew Paton, Sailor, Elie* - 6 yards Northeast from the Dunbar stones, close to East dyke.

**11th Sept** *A young child, granddaughter of John Scott, Tailor* - 3 yards Northeast from David Swan's tomb.

**5th Nov** *Margaret Scott, Spouse of John Bridges, Baker, Elie* - 3 yards from South dyke and 7 yards West of Gillespie's tomb.

**7th Dec** *Mrs Fleming, Mother in law of George Berwick, Brewer* - 13 yards (South by West) from West door of Church.

**23rd Dec** *A poor beggar man, name unknown* - 6 yards from East dyke and 6 yards South from Mary Scott's stone.