---
layout: history
extends: history
section: contents
nid: 40
author: "admin"
title: "1813"
date: 2008-06-02 11:24:34
---

**6th Jan** *Jean Given, Spouse of the late William Horsburgh* - 2½ yards from Northwest corner of Isle. Note; Mother of James Horsburgh.

**11th Mar** *Margaret Halkerstone, Spouse of the late Alexander Patterson* - 12 yards Southwest from Rankielor's stone and 14 yards East from Carmichael's.

**15th Mar** *Margaret Bridges, daughter of John Bridges, Baker, Elie* - 5½ yards from South dyke. Stone at her head.

**15th Mar** *Alexander Bennett, son of Alexander Bennett, Sailor, Elie* - 5 yards from Duncan's pillar stone.

**18th Mar** *Mrs Cowie, Spouse of John Cowie* - 4 yards East from Duncan's pillar stone.

**11th Apr** *David Luke, Lint Miller, Elie* - 2 yards South and West from George Melvin's headstone.

**8th June** *David Currie, Son of John Currie, Wright, Elie* - 4 yards East from David Swan's tomb.

**24th July** *Andrew Thomson, late Ship Master, Elie* - 4 yards West from Gillespie's tomb, close to South dyke.

**8th Aug** *Christian Sime, daughter of Alexander Sime, Mason, Elie* - 10 yards North from the Southwest corner and 2 yards 2 feet from James Carmichael's stone.

**18th Aug** *Margaret Beveridge, Spouse of the deceased Philip Galloway* - 11 yards South and West from West porch door.

**13th Sept** *Alexander Jervis, Earlsferry* - 3 yards South from Thomas Jervis' tomb.

**28th Oct** *Ann Langlands, Spouse of James White, Packet Master, Elie* - 10 yards North from Bogmill's stones.

**16th Nov** *William Boyd, son of William Boyd, Rottenraw* - 10 yards South from George Melven's stone.

**8th Dec** *Ann Beveridge, daughter of the deceased John Beveridge, Weaver, Elie* - 4 yards Southwest from James Wachob's stone.

**22nd Dec** *Ann Mays, Spouse of John Munrow, Earlsferry* - 6 yards West from Southeast corner and 4 yards from South dyke.