---
layout: history
extends: history
section: contents
nid: 41
author: "admin"
title: "1814"
date: 2008-06-02 11:25:21
---

**21st Jan** *Agnes Brown, Spouse of deceased William Ovenston, Taft* - 7 yards South from Dunbar stones, and 3 yards from South dyke.

**18th Mar** *David Currie, Wright* - 3 feet from Norltheast corner of David Swan's tomb.

**20th Mar** *Mr. Oliphant, only a short time in Elie* - 6 yards East from Southeast corner of Church, under the flat stone on the brae.

**23rd Mar** *Andrew Ovenston, Spouse of William Bennet, Sailor* - 7 yards South from East porch door.

**24th Mar** *Robert Douglas, son of John Douglas, Weaver, Elie* - 4 yards 2 feet Northeast from Danial Douglas' headstone.

**1st July** *Betty Byars, daughter of the deceased William Byars, Elie* - 8 yards West and North from the Northwest corner of Church.

**12th July** *Elspet Beveridge, daughter of the deceased John Beveridge* - 5 yards West from Agnes Henderson's stone.

**12th July** *Grandchild of David Ballingall, Earlsferry* - ? yards Northeast from David Swan's tomb.

**12th Oct** *Mrs Patterson* - 12 yards Northeast from Dunbar stones and 4½ yards from East dyke.

**21st Oct** *Benjamin Calman, son of John Calman* - 2½ yards from North dyke (East end of brae.)

**30th Oct** *John Tulloch* - 10 yards West from Northeast corner of dyke.

**12th Nov** *Agnes Ballingall, daughter of John Ballingall* - 9 yards Northeast from David Swan's tomb.

**21st Nov** *Janet Dingwall, daughter of Andrew Dingwall, Wright* - 10½ yards East and South of Peter Jarvis' tomb.

**19th Dec** *Andrew Paton, Mariner, Elie, (aged 84 years)* - 10 yards Northeast from the Dunbar stones and 4 yards West from East dyke.

**20th Dec** *James Brown, Wright, Grandson of David Purvis *- 1 yard Southwest of William Rankillor's headstone.

**27th Dec** *Helen Hutchison, daughter of Kenneth Hutchison, Sawyer* - 6½ yards West from Northwest corner of the Aisle and 1 yard from North wall.