---
layout: history
extends: history
section: contents
nid: 42
author: "admin"
title: "1815"
date: 2008-06-02 11:25:50
---

**2nd Jan** *Peter Boyd Senior, Tailor* - 6 yards Southeast from George Melven's stone and 3 yards from South dyke.

**18th Jan** *William Ballingall, son of David Ballingall, Earlsferry* - 10 yards Northeast from David Swan's tomb and 6 yards West from Alexander Simpson's stone.

**6th Feb** *Christian Spalding, Spouse of John Adamson, Packet Agent, Elie* - 7 yards East from James Carmichael's stone and 13 from South dyke.

**27th Apr** *David Purvis, Flesher, Elie* - 1½ yards South off William Rankillor's stone.

**30th Apr** *Walter Bowman, Son of George Bowman, Shoemaker* - 3 yards North from William Rankillor's stone.

**9th May** *Janet Robertson, daughter of Peter Robertson, Elie* - 13 yards South and West from South-West corner of Church.

**14th May** *Miss Sampson* - 1 foot from Northwest corner of Gillespi's tomb.

**26th May** *Archibald McIntyre, Son of Mr McIntyre, Gauger, Elie* - 4 yards 2 feet South and East from Mary Scott's stone.

**23rd June** *Christian Sime, daughter of John Sime, Mason, Elie* - 1½ yards South from James Carmichael's stone.

**26th June** *Janet Durkie, Spouse of the deceased James Walker* - 15 yards South from steeple door.

**4th July** *Isabell Jarvis, daughter of Thomas Jarvis, Millwright, Colinsburgh* - 5 yards South from Peter Jarvis' stone.

**10th Aug** *William Swan, son of George Swan, Baker, Elie* - 10 yards West from the Northwest corner of the Kirk.

**10th Sept** *Jeanie Hay, daughter of John Hay, Sailor* - 6 yards Southeast from Dunbar Stones.

**15th Sept** *Isabell Wallace, Spouse of the deceased William Walker, Shoemaker, Elie* - 2 feet South from William Thomson's stone.

**26th Sept** *David Lyal, son of David Lyal, Weaver* - 4½ yards from the Northwest corner of the Church (North.)

**3rd Oct** *Janet Ovenston, daughter of Walter Ovenstone, Master of Elie and Leith Packet* - 2½ yards from South dyke and 5 yards East from Session House.

**26th Oct** *David White, son of Thomas White, Wright* - 4 yards from David Simpson's stone and 2 feet from West dyke.

**29th Oct** *William Ovenston, son of Walter Ovenston* - North side of Rodger's stone.

**5th Nov** *Mrs Robertson, Spouse of the deceased Peter Robertson* - 12 yards from Southwest corner of Church and 9 West from Agnes Henderson's stone.

**4th Dec** *Ann Philp, daughter of Robert Philp, Shoemaker* - 4 yards from South dyke and 1½ yards East of James Brown's stone.

**9th Dec** *Catherine Allan's child* - Southwest corner close to South dyke.