---
layout: history
extends: history
section: contents
nid: 43
author: "admin"
title: "1816"
date: 2008-06-02 11:26:19
---

**20th Feb** *James Clark, Seventh son of Edward Clark, Mariner, on board H.M.S. "Regent" (Cruiser)* - Southwest corner of Dunbar stones.

**23rd Feb** *Janet Black, Spouse of David Boyd, Barnyards* - 12 yards Southwest from Dunbar stones and 2½ yards from South dyke.

**11th Apr** *Margaret Ballingall, Spouse of David Jack, Sailor, Earlsferry* - 6½ yards West from Alexander Simpson's stone.

**19th May** *Agnes Given, daughter of James Given, Mason, Elie* - 5½ yards East from Bogmill stone.

**19th May** *A young child of Mr Tillford's (stranger)* - 4½ yards East from Dunbar stones and 2 yards from East dyke.

**3rd June** *Mary Chapman, daughter of deceased James Chapman, Mason, Elie* - 11½ yards North from Gillespie's tomb.

**13th Aug** *James Younger (aged 85 years) Gardener, Newton, or Charleton* - 5 yards South and West from William Rankillor's stone.

**30th Aug** *Catherine Wood, daughter of Dr. Wood, Cupar, Fife* - 3 yards South from Thomas Duncan's pillar stone.

**18th Sept** *Elizabeth Balram, Spouse of Peter Jarvis, Earlsferry* - 4 yards South from Jarvis' tomb.

**26th Sept** *Margaret Black, daughter of William Black* - 8 yards West from Margaret Wood's stone, close to dyke.

**4th Oct** *Alexander Duncan ( killed at the Lint Mill, Elie)* - 5 yards Northwest from Margaret Wood's stone and 6 yards from South dyke.

**5th Dec** *William Myles, Mason, Elie* - 6½ yards from South dyke and 6 yards from West dyke. *N.B. This was one of the Masons who built the front of Elie House.*

**18th Dec** *Mrs Young, Spouse of Mr Young the First Mate of the "Wellington" Cutter* - 7 yards from the Northeast corner and 2 yards from East dyke.