---
layout: history
extends: history
section: contents
nid: 44
author: "admin"
title: "1817"
date: 2008-06-02 11:26:55
---

**20th Feb** *John Munrow, Earlsferry* - 5 yards from the Southeast corner and 3 yards from South dyke. *N.B. An old Soldier.*

**11th Apr** *John Alexander, Sailor, who was drowned by the upsetting of a boat near chapel point while on it's way from Leith to Elie Harbour* - 8 yards West from Margaret Wood's stone and 11 yards Southwest from Agnes Henderson's.

**20th Feb** *Susan Ovenston* - 8 yards East from the Elder's House and 4 from South dyke.

**13th Apr** *Nancy Pousty, daughter of Andrew Pousty, Weaver* - 4 yards West from North Dunbar stones.

**16th Apr** *William Pousty, son of Archibald Pousty, Heckler, Elie* - 3½ yards West of Dunbar stones.

**19th Apr** *Minnie Pousty, daughter of Archibald Pousty, Heckler* - laid at the South side of her brother.

**23rd Apr** *John Wishart, son of James Wishart, Sailor* - 3 yards North from "Dunbar Stones."

**23rd Apr** *Andrew Gray, son of Archibald Gray, Sailor* - 4 yards North from Southeast corner of the Churchyard.

**1st May** *David Pousty, son of Archibald Pousty, Heckler* - 4 yards Northwest from Dunbar stones.

**2nd May** *William Calman, son of John Calman *- 4 yards South from North dyke at William Herd's gable.

**12th May** *John Wilkie, Natural son of John Wilkie, late Gardener, Elie House* - 3 yards Southwest from William Duddingston's pillar stone. Note; An Imbicile.

**14th May** *John Lawson, son of Alexander Lawson, Farmer* - 4 yards East from Peter Jarvis' tomb an 2 yards from North dyke.

**24th May** *Ann Davidson, daughter of deceased Simon Davidson, Weaver* - 8½ yards Northeast from David Swan's tomb.

**12th June** *William Brown, Weaver, Elie* - 2 yards from West Porch door.

**2nd July** *John Sim's young child* - Southwest corner of James Carmichael's stone, near West dyke.

**20th July** *Helen Hastie, Spouse of James Pittillow* - Below Pittillow's pillar stone, near the West porch.

**25th Oct** *Elizabeth Chapman, daughter of the deceased Philip Chapman* - 12 yards South from West Porch.

**29th Oct** *Isabell Plenderleith, daughter of the deceased Benjamin Plenderleith* - 11 yards South from steeple stair.

**8th Nov** *James Glendey, Heckler* - 8 yards Northeast from Dunbar stones.

**10th Nov** *John Buie, Colinsburgh* - 4 yards from East dyke and 4 yards from North.

**11th Nov** *Christian Ness, Spouse of John Constable* - 4 yards South of William Duddinstone's stone.

**17th Nov** *Agnes Cummings, daughter of William Cummings* - 3 yards East from Alexander Simpson's stone.

**28th Dec** *Robert Sime, son of William Sime, Mason* - 10 yards North from Southwest corner and 2½ yards from West dyke.