---
layout: history
extends: history
section: contents
nid: 46
author: "admin"
title: "1819"
date: 2008-06-02 11:27:51
---

**7th Jan** *John Currie, son of John Currie, Wright, Elie* - 2 yards East from David Currie's headstone.

**21st Jan** *Hugh Swan, son of George Swan, Baker, Elie *- 7 yards West from Northwest corner of the Church.

**25th Jan** *Buried in one grave a man and a woman, passengers on board the "Marchioness of Huntly," Aberdeen and Leith Packet, which was wrecked on a stormy night on the shore between Elie and Earlsferry* - 8 yards North of McIntyre's stone, close to East dyke.

**25th Jan** *A young man, (a Doctor) belonging to Aberdeen, Passenger on board the above mentioned Packet, who also drowned on the said stormy night* - Buried by the side of his unfortunate fellow passengers. *Note: This Packet on her way from Leith to Aberdeen, brought up to an anchor about Twilight , a short distance West from the Harbour but too near the shore. The wind Southeast with a heavy sea, she struck the ground about 6 p.m. The cries of the passengers and crew for help were distressing. A few brave men belonging to Elie, manned a boat and at the risk of their lives, saved the survivors who clung to the wreck.*

**27th Jan** *William Ponton, Weaver, Rottenrow * - 11 yards East from Southwest corner and 1 yard from South dyke.

**Feb** *Edward Sime, Ship Carpenter* - 6 yards from West and 8 yards from South dyke.

**29th Mar** *Helen Baxter, spouse of the deceased Alexander Milne, Shoemaker* - 3 yards Southeast from Helen Thomson's stone.