---
layout: history
extends: history
section: contents
nid: 48
author: "admin"
title: "1821"
date: 2008-06-02 11:32:47
---

**5th Feb** *Euphemia Sharer, daughter of Charles Sharer, Sailor, Earlsferry* - 10 yards from North dyke and 14 yards from West door of the Church.

**Mar** *May Wyllie, a young woman, friend of George Richards* - Southwest corner 2 yards from South dyke.

**25th Mar** *Agnes Lawson, daughter of Alexander Lawson* - 12 yards Northeast corner of the Church.

**22nd May** *Catherine Spense, spouse of Alexander Wood, Esq.* - South side of Thomas Duncan's pillar stone.

**24th May** *Peter Jarvis, son of Peter Jarvis, Ballmonth* - 5 yards South by East of Jarvis' tomb.

**29th Jun** *Isobell Morris, Spouse of Peter Given, Mason, Elie* - 6 yards from Norltheast corner of Church.

**11th July** *Margaret Black, spouseof David Ballingall, Earlsferry* - 7 yards Northeast from David Swan's tomb.

**24th July** *Agnes Gray, daughter of James Gray, Sailor* - buried in John Ovenstone's burial ground close to South dyke.

**16th Aug** *Janet Lyal, daughter of David Lyal, Weaver* - 5 ½ yards North from Northwest corner of the Church.

**29th Aug** *Elizabeth Swan, daughter of George Swan, Baker* - 12 yards South of North dyke, South side of the brae.

**15th Sept** *Janet Calman, Daughter of David Calman* - 4 yards from Norlth dyke.

**18th Sept** *Isobell Speed, daughter of Mr Speed, a Gentleman from Edinburgh* - 2½ yards Northeast from Mary Scott's stone.

**14th Oct** *Hanna Rodney, Maidservant of Major McKay, Elie Lodge. A native of Ireland* - 13 yards from the Southeast corner close to the dyke.

**15th Oct** *James Givan, Weaver, Sometime Sergeant in the Volunteer Corps.* - 7 yards from East and 2 yards from North dyke. *Note: formerly from St Andrews.*